I've seen your face for a long time
Stop, Muttin Court
It's you who want to fish to death with me
You think I'll still listen to you now
What if I had a mind?
What do you mean?
Mr. Lu has been caught, bring it up
Stinky fart, daughter mother
Didn't I tell you to wait for me at the pier first?
I was sorting clothes here and they caught me
Let it go
Otherwise, I'm welcome. Let him go quickly.
Mom's life is still in their hands
They have guns. I
I let him go now and I'll go to jail too
Why?
I was supposed to live a pampered life
All because of this woman
Sleep till dawn
I'm having a hard time
You don't have a good time
Mr. Lu
Zhu Yiye, what are you doing?
Zhu Yiye is on the head